# snomedct-hubot

<<<<<<< HEAD
snomedct-hubot is a chat bot built on the [Hubot] framework. It was initially generated by [generator-hubot] to get you up and running as quick as possible.

This README is intended to help get you started. Definitely update and improve to talk about your own instance, how to use and deploy, what functionality is available, etc!

## To be done

Currently, it just sends back a simple text response. Improvements incoming:

- to make it send back a formatted response to hipchat
- use Slack adapter
- anything else I can think of

## Running snomedct-hubot Locally

You can test your hubot by running the following, however some plugins will not behave as expected unless the [environment variables](#configuration) they rely upon have been set.

You can start snomedct-hubot locally by running:

```
% bin/hubot
```

You'll see some start up output and a prompt:

```
[Sat Feb 28 2015 12:38:27 GMT+0000 (GMT)] INFO Using default redis on localhost:6379
snomedct-hubot>
```

Then you can interact with snomedct-hubot by typing `snomedct-hubot help`.

```
snomedct-hubot> snomedct-hubot help
snomedct-hubot animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds [snip]
snomedct-hubot help - Displays all of the help commands that snomedct-hubot knows about.
...
```

## Configuration

A few scripts (including some installed by default) require environment variables to be set as a simple form of configuration.

Each script should have a commented header which contains a "Configuration" section that explains which values it requires to be placed in which variable. When you have lots of scripts installed this process can be quite labour intensive. The following shell command can be used as a stop gap until an easier way to do this has been implemented.

```
grep -o 'hubot-[a-z0-9_-]\+' external-scripts.json | \
  xargs -n1 -I {} sh -c 'sed -n "/^# Configuration/,/^#$/ s/^/{} /p" \
      $(find node_modules/{}/ -name "*.coffee")' | \
    awk -F '#' '{ printf "%-25s %s\n", $1, $2 }'
```

How to set environment variables will be specific to your operating system. Rather than recreate the various methods and best practices in achieving this, it's suggested that you search for a dedicated guide focused on your OS.

[generator-hubot]: https://github.com/github/generator-hubot
[hubot]: http://hubot.github.com
=======
Toying with an idea of a SNOMED CT Hubot bot for Slack, Hipchat, etc.
>>>>>>> origin/master
